Yue Linghan passed on the order of the empress
I'm afraid you have 10 heads that are not enough to chop off
You are so endless
Aren't you courting death?
Hey Ye Linghan
If you want to die, don't implicate us.
Is it possible that what I'm saying is what the empress has in mind?
You lowly pariah dare to spread the order of the empress
If you do this again, no matter if you are afraid that the danger of the empress will be gone
quiet
Husband of the Empress
It's Master Chen, what is Chen Bufan?
Ye Linghan's words seemed like an order. Sure enough, my guess was right
Ye Linghan is the empress
What the hell am I missing out on?
How could that be? Are you kidding?
This is the empress's order
How come
What is your background?
Able to issue orders in place of the empress
Even the Broken Army is following your lead
I am satisfied with your fear
Because that's what you should do.
presumptuous
Empress's Order
Pressure the world
Shock and awe Kyushu
And dare to refuse
Now you have no right to say Gu
Quit marriage